.TH ADD-SECGROUP 1 "April 2025" "CmdDocGen" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
add-secgroup \- Add a Security Group to a server.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B nova add-secgroup
.PP
nova [--version] [--debug] [--os-cache] [--timings] [--os-region-name <region-name>] [--service-type <service-type>] [--service-name <service-name>] [--os-endpoint-type <endpoint-type>] [--os-compute-api-version <compute-api-ver>] [--os-endpoint-override <bypass-url>] [--insecure] [--os-cacert <ca-certificate>] [--os-cert <certificate>] [--os-key <key>] [--timeout <seconds>] [--collect-timing] [--os-auth-type <name>] [--os-auth-url OS_AUTH_URL] [--os-system-scope OS_SYSTEM_SCOPE] [--os-domain-id OS_DOMAIN_ID] [--os-domain-name OS_DOMAIN_NAME] [--os-project-id OS_PROJECT_ID] [--os-project-name OS_PROJECT_NAME] [--os-project-domain-id OS_PROJECT_DOMAIN_ID] [--os-project-domain-name OS_PROJECT_DOMAIN_NAME] [--os-trust-id OS_TRUST_ID] [--os-default-domain-id OS_DEFAULT_DOMAIN_ID] [--os-default-domain-name OS_DEFAULT_DOMAIN_NAME] [--os-user-id OS_USER_ID] [--os-username OS_USERNAME] [--os-user-domain-id OS_USER_DOMAIN_ID] [--os-user-domain-name OS_USER_DOMAIN_NAME] [--os-password OS_PASSWORD] <subcommand> ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Add a Security Group to a server.
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.B <subcommand>
The subcommand to execute.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B --version
show program's version number and exit
Default: 
.TP
.B --debug
Print debugging output.
Default: 
.TP
.B --os-cache
Use the auth token cache. Defaults to False if env[OS_CACHE] is not set.
Default: False
.TP
.B --timings
Print call timing info.
Default: 
.TP
.B --os-region-name <region-name>
Defaults to env[OS_REGION_NAME].
Default: 
.TP
.B --service-type <service-type>
Defaults to compute for most actions.
Default: compute
.TP
.B --service-name <service-name>
Defaults to env[NOVA_SERVICE_NAME].
Default: 
.TP
.B --os-endpoint-type <endpoint-type>
Defaults to env[NOVA_ENDPOINT_TYPE], env[OS_ENDPOINT_TYPE] or publicURL.
Default: 
.TP
.B --os-compute-api-version <compute-api-ver>
Accepts X, X.Y (where X is major and Y is minor part) or 'X.latest', defaults to env[OS_COMPUTE_API_VERSION].
Default: 
.TP
.B --os-endpoint-override <bypass-url>
Use this API endpoint instead of the Service Catalog. Defaults to env[OS_ENDPOINT_OVERRIDE].
Default: 
.TP
.B --insecure
Explicitly allow client to perform 'insecure' TLS (https) requests.
Default: 
.TP
.B --os-cacert <ca-certificate>
Specify a CA bundle file to use in verifying a TLS (https) server certificate.
Default: env[OS_CACERT]
.TP
.B --os-cert <certificate>
The location for the keystore (PEM formatted) containing the public key of this client.
Default: env[OS_CERT]
.TP
.B --os-key <key>
The location for the keystore (PEM formatted) containing the private key of this client.
Default: env[OS_KEY]
.TP
.B --timeout <seconds>
Set request timeout (in seconds).
Default: 
.TP
.B --collect-timing
Collect per-API call timing information.
Default: 
.TP
.B --os-auth-url OS_AUTH_URL
Authentication URL
Default: 
.TP
.B --os-system-scope OS_SYSTEM_SCOPE
Scope for system operations
Default: 
.TP
.B --os-domain-id OS_DOMAIN_ID
Domain ID to scope to
Default: 
.TP
.B --os-domain-name OS_DOMAIN_NAME
Domain name to scope to
Default: 
.TP
.B --os-project-id OS_PROJECT_ID, --os-tenant-id OS_PROJECT_ID
Project ID to scope to
Default: 
.TP
.B --os-project-name OS_PROJECT_NAME, --os-tenant-name OS_PROJECT_NAME
Project name to scope to
Default: 
.TP
.B --os-project-domain-id OS_PROJECT_DOMAIN_ID
Domain ID containing project
Default: 
.TP
.B --os-project-domain-name OS_PROJECT_DOMAIN_NAME
Domain name containing project
Default: 
.TP
.B --os-trust-id OS_TRUST_ID
ID of the trust to use as a trustee use
Default: 
.TP
.B --os-default-domain-id OS_DEFAULT_DOMAIN_ID
Optional domain ID to use with v3 and v2 parameters.
Default: 
.TP
.B --os-default-domain-name OS_DEFAULT_DOMAIN_NAME
Optional domain name to use with v3 API and v2 parameters.
Default: 
.TP
.B --os-user-id OS_USER_ID
User id
Default: 
.TP
.B --os-username OS_USERNAME, --os-user-name OS_USERNAME
Username
Default: 
.TP
.B --os-user-domain-id OS_USER_DOMAIN_ID
User's domain id
Default: 
.TP
.B --os-user-domain-name OS_USER_DOMAIN_NAME
User's domain name
Default: 
.TP
.B --os-password OS_PASSWORD
User's password
Default: 
.SH EXAMPLES
.SH SUBCOMMANDS
.TP
.B add-secgroup
Add a Security Group to a server.
.TP
.B agent-create
DEPRECATED Create new agent build.
.TP
.B agent-delete
DEPRECATED Delete existing agent build.
.TP
.B agent-list
DEPRECATED List all builds.
.TP
.B agent-modify
DEPRECATED Modify existing agent build.
.TP
.B aggregate-add-host
Add the host to the specified aggregate.
.TP
.B aggregate-cache-images
Request images be cached. (Supported by API versions '2.81' - '2.latest')
.TP
.B aggregate-create
Create a new aggregate with the specified details.
.TP
.B aggregate-delete
Delete the aggregate.
.TP
.B aggregate-list
Print a list of all aggregates.
.TP
.B aggregate-remove-host
Remove the specified host from the specified aggregate.
.TP
.B aggregate-set-metadata
Update the metadata associated with the aggregate.
.TP
.B aggregate-show
Show details of the specified aggregate.
.TP
.B aggregate-update
Update the aggregate's name and optionally availability zone.
.TP
.B availability-zone-list
List all the availability zones.
.TP
.B backup
Backup a server by creating a 'backup' type snapshot.
.TP
.B boot
Boot a new server.
.TP
.B clear-password
Clear the admin password for a server from the metadata server.
.TP
.B console-log
Get console log output of a server.
.TP
.B delete
Immediately shut down and delete specified server(s).
.TP
.B diagnostics
Retrieve server diagnostics.
.TP
.B evacuate
Evacuate server from failed host.
.TP
.B flavor-access-add
Add flavor access for the given tenant.
.TP
.B flavor-access-list
Print access information about the given flavor.
.TP
.B flavor-access-remove
Remove flavor access for the given tenant.
.TP
.B flavor-create
Create a new flavor.
.TP
.B flavor-delete
Delete a specific flavor.
.TP
.B flavor-key
Set or unset extra_spec for a flavor.
.TP
.B flavor-list
Print a list of available 'flavors' (sizes of servers).
.TP
.B flavor-show
Show details about the given flavor.
.TP
.B flavor-update
Update the description of an existing flavor.
.TP
.B force-delete
Force delete a server.
.TP
.B get-mks-console
Get an MKS console to a server.
.TP
.B get-password
Get the admin password for a server.
.TP
.B get-rdp-console
Get a rdp console to a server.
.TP
.B get-serial-console
Get a serial console to a server.
.TP
.B get-spice-console
Get a spice console to a server.
.TP
.B get-vnc-console
Get a vnc console to a server.
.TP
.B host-evacuate
Evacuate all instances from failed host.
.TP
.B host-evacuate-live
Live migrate all instances off the specified host to other available hosts.
.TP
.B host-meta
Set or Delete metadata on all instances of a host.
.TP
.B host-servers-migrate
Cold migrate all instances off the specified host to other available hosts.
.TP
.B hypervisor-list
List hypervisors.
.TP
.B hypervisor-servers
List servers belonging to specific hypervisors.
.TP
.B hypervisor-show
Display the details of the specified hypervisor.
.TP
.B hypervisor-stats

.TP
.B hypervisor-uptime
Display the uptime of the specified hypervisor.
.TP
.B image-create
Create a new image by taking a snapshot of a running server.
.TP
.B instance-action
Show an action.
.TP
.B instance-action-list
List actions on a server.
.TP
.B instance-usage-audit-log
List/Get server usage audits.
.TP
.B interface-attach
Attach a network interface to a server.
.TP
.B interface-detach
Detach a network interface from a server.
.TP
.B interface-list
List interfaces attached to a server.
.TP
.B keypair-add
Create a new key pair for use with servers.
.TP
.B keypair-delete
Delete keypair given by its name.
.TP
.B keypair-list
Print a list of keypairs for a user.
.TP
.B keypair-show
Show details about the given keypair.
.TP
.B limits
Print rate and absolute limits.
.TP
.B list
List servers.
.TP
.B list-secgroup
List Security Group(s) of a server.
.TP
.B live-migration
Migrate running server to a new machine.
.TP
.B live-migration-abort
Abort an on-going live migration.
.TP
.B live-migration-force-complete
Force on-going live migration to complete.
.TP
.B lock
Lock a server.
.TP
.B meta
Set or delete metadata on a server.
.TP
.B migrate
Migrate a server.
.TP
.B migration-list
Print a list of migrations.
.TP
.B pause
Pause a server.
.TP
.B quota-class-show
List the quotas for a quota class.
.TP
.B quota-class-update
Update the quotas for a quota class.
.TP
.B quota-defaults
List the default quotas for a tenant.
.TP
.B quota-delete
Delete quota for a tenant/user so their quota will revert back to default.
.TP
.B quota-show
List the quotas for a tenant/user.
.TP
.B quota-update
Update the quotas for a tenant/user.
.TP
.B reboot
Reboot a server.
.TP
.B rebuild
Shutdown, re-image, and re-boot a server.
.TP
.B refresh-network
Refresh server network information.
.TP
.B remove-secgroup
Remove a Security Group from a server.
.TP
.B rescue
Reboots a server into rescue mode.
.TP
.B reset-network
Reset network of a server.
.TP
.B reset-state
Reset the state of a server.
.TP
.B resize
Resize a server.
.TP
.B resize-confirm
Confirm a previous resize.
.TP
.B resize-revert
Revert a previous resize (and return to the previous VM).
.TP
.B restore
Restore a soft-deleted server.
.TP
.B resume
Resume a server.
.TP
.B server-group-create
Create a new server group with the specified details.
.TP
.B server-group-delete
Delete specific server group(s).
.TP
.B server-group-get
Get a specific server group.
.TP
.B server-group-list
Print a list of all server groups.
.TP
.B server-migration-list
Get the migrations list of specified server.
.TP
.B server-migration-show
Get the migration of specified server.
.TP
.B server-tag-add
Add one or more tags to a server.
.TP
.B server-tag-delete
Delete one or more tags from a server.
.TP
.B server-tag-delete-all
Delete all tags from a server.
.TP
.B server-tag-list
Get list of tags from a server.
.TP
.B server-tag-set
Set list of tags to a server.
.TP
.B server-topology
Retrieve server topology.
.TP
.B service-delete
Delete the service by UUID ID.
.TP
.B service-disable
Disable the service.
.TP
.B service-enable
Enable the service.
.TP
.B service-force-down
Force service to down.
.TP
.B service-list
Show a list of all running services.
.TP
.B set-password
Change the admin password for a server.
.TP
.B shelve
Shelve a server.
.TP
.B shelve-offload
Remove a shelved server from the compute node.
.TP
.B show
Show details about the given server.
.TP
.B ssh
SSH into a server.
.TP
.B start
Start the server(s).
.TP
.B stop
Stop the server(s).
.TP
.B suspend
Suspend a server.
.TP
.B trigger-crash-dump
Trigger crash dump in an instance.
.TP
.B unlock
Unlock a server.
.TP
.B unpause
Unpause a server.
.TP
.B unrescue
Restart the server from normal boot disk again.
.TP
.B unshelve
Unshelve a server.
.TP
.B update
Update the name or the description for a server.
.TP
.B usage
Show usage data for a single tenant.
.TP
.B usage-list
List usage data for all tenants.
.TP
.B version-list
List all API versions.
.TP
.B volume-attach
Attach a volume to a server.
.TP
.B volume-attachments
List all the volumes attached to a server.
.TP
.B volume-detach
Detach a volume from a server.
.TP
.B volume-update
Update the attachment on the server.
.TP
.B bash-completion
Prints all of the commands and options to stdout.
.TP
.B help
Display help about this program or one of its subcommands.
.SH AUTHOR
Automatically generated man page
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Please report bugs to the appropriate channel
